feat: add support to quince (#8)
eduNEXT/tutor-contrib-mfe-extensions: README.md

[`openedx/frontend-platform#568`](https://github.com/openedx/frontend-platform/pull/568)
for releases previous to Quince.

> To Quince, any mfe is supported as long as it has a frontend-platform version greater than or equal [v5.5.0](https://github.com/openedx/frontend-platform/releases/tag/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From Quince on-wards, all the default MFEs supported by Tutor are supported. Any other MFE would be supported as long as it uses [v5.5.0](https://github.com/openedx/frontend-platform/releases/tag/) or newer of frontend-platform.
```
